Right, so in previous section, we were able to put together the home screen.
We went through the whole process of structuring everything.
Now we are going to make it so that when the floating action button is clicked, we are going to open
the search box screen.
This screen here contains a few items, not as many as we had before in our home screen and to top,
we're going to have, of course, the top bar there to allow us to go back to the previous screen.
We're going to have, of course, this area here where we are going to have a list of books that are
preloaded, right?
These books are going to come from the API, the Google Book API, and then we're going to have, of
course, that search text field there, which will allow users to type something and search.
And then once they hit Enter White or next, then they will repopulate the books.
So this is what we're going to be doing.
And well, let's get started.